

a a No. 881. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Authorize and Empower the Governor and Attorney General of the State to Con- tract in Behalf of the State With an Agent or Repre- sentative for the State, in an Effort to Collect from the Federal Government Certain Sums of Money in the Treasury of the United States of America Arising from Direct Tax Levied and Collected by the Federal Gov- ernment on Cotton and Other Property in South Caro- lina During and Subsequent to the Civil War, Known as the War Between the States; and to Fix the Com- pensation for Said Agent or Representative. Whereas, There is a sum of money in the treasury of the United States of America arising from the direct tax levied and collected by the Federal Government on cotton in South Carolina during and subsequent to the Civil War, known as the War Between the States ; and, Whereas, The Government of the United States has found no satisfactory method of disposing of or distributing said money ; and, Whereas, It is believed that a just and equitable method of dis- posing of and distributing said money is that the Federal Govern ment return to each State all sums converted into the Treasury and derived from the levying and collecting of direct taxes on cotton from such States; and, Whereas, It is to the interest of this State that it be duly repre sented in the proper effort to procure from the United States Gov- ernment the aforesaid funds and that its agent or representative employed for such purpose be duly compensated therefor; now, therefore, Section 1. Governor and Attorney General May Contract With Agent for Refund of Direct Tax.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the Governor and Attorney General be, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered, in behalf of the State, to contract with an agent or representative for the State, upon such terms as they deem best for the purpose of co-operating with other States in an effort to have returned to the State, or citizens thereof, the direct tax collected by the United States on cotton or other property in South 

Carolina during and following the War Between the States: Pro- vided, The compensation therefor shall be contingent and the State shall be put to no cost nor expense on account thereof. Approved the 19th day of February, A. D. 1920. No. 882. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Refund to W. W. Rhames Thir- teen Dollars and Ninety-Four ($13.94) Cents Overpaid Taxes by Dorchester County. Section 1. Dorchester County to Refund Overpaid Taxes to W. W. Rhames.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the County Supervisor of Dor- chester county be, and he is hereby, required to draw his warrant for thirteen dollars and ninety-four ($13.94) cents in favor of W. W. Rhames, and County Treasurer of said county pay the same for overpaid taxes during the year 1919. Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. No. 883. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Authorize and Direct the State Treasurer to Pay to the Treasurer of Oconee County Certain Funds Due Said County. Section 1. State Treasurer to Make Payment to Oconee County—Disposition by County.—Be it resolved by the Gen- eral Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the Treasurer of the State of South Carolina be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay over to the Treasurer of Oconee county the sum of three hundred and twenty and 64/100 ($320.64) dollars, paid to the Treasurer of the State of South Carolina by the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, under an Act of Congress approved May 23d, 1908, from the Forest Reserve Fund. Of the sum of $320.64, the Treasurer of Oconee county shall place one half to the credit of the road fund and one-half to the school fund of the said county. Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. 

No. 884. A JOINT RESOLUTION Abating Certain Taxes on Prop- erty of South Carolina Baptist Hospital. Whereas, By an Act of the General Assembly of South Carolina, approved March 11, 1915, the property of South Carolina Baptist Hospital was declared exempt from taxation; and, Whereas, Said hospital since March 15, 1918, and April 1, 1918, has been the owner of two certain lots of land with improvements acquired by it from C. N. Koon and from Mrs. Claudia E. Knowlton on said dates, respectively, but inasmuch as said lots had not been transferred to said hospital on January 1, 1918, they were listed for taxation for 1918; and, Whereas, The pro rata of taxes for 1918 on the lot acquired from C. N. Koon to date of purchase by the hospital was $36.37, and the pro rata of taxes for 1918 on the lot acquired from Mrs. Knowlton to date of purchase by the hospital was $26.03; therefore, Section 1. Abatement of Certain Taxes to South Carolina Baptist Hospital.—Be it resolved by the Senate, the House of Representatives concurring: That the Treasurer for Richland county be, and he hereby is, authorized, instructed and directed to accept the sum of $36.37 as payment and satisfaction in full for taxes due on said lot purchased by South Carolina Baptist Hospital from C. N. Koon and the sum of $26.03 in payment and satisfaction in full for taxes due on said lot purchased by South Carolina Baptist Hospital from Mrs. Claudia E. Knowlton. § 2. That this Joint Resolution take effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. No. 885. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Require the County Treasurer of Hampton County to Hold the Proceeds of Road Levy of 1919 on Deposit at Interest. Section 1. County Treasurer of Hampton County to Deposit Road Funds at Interest Until Disposed of by Law.— Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Caro- lina: That the County Treasurer of Hampton county be, and he is hereby, required to hold on deposit in some safe bank at interest 

all money collected in the year 1919 from the levy of ten mills in aid of building and repairing roads in conjunction with the State and Federal Government until hereafter disposed of by law. § 2. This Resolution shall take effect upon its approval by the Governor. § 3. All Acts in conflict herewith are hereby repealed. Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. No. 886. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Authorize and Require Pay- ment to Dr. M. S. Ingraham a Pension for the Years 1911 and 1912. Whereas, Dr. M. S. Ingraham is a Confederate veteran and is entitled to receive a pension and be classified under Class A; and, Whereas, He did not receive his pension during the years 1911 and 1912; therefore, Section 1. Pension for Dr. M. S. Ingraham for Years 1911 and 1912—Proviso.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the said Dr. M. S. Ingraham be classified under Class A and be paid a pension for the years 1911 and 1912 in the manner prescribed by law: Provided, The sum so expended shall be paid from the refund fund. § 2. Joint Resolution (1919, XXXI Stats. 632) Repealed. —That the Joint Resolution with reference to the above matter, approved the 8th day of March, A. D. 1919, is hereby repealed. Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. No. 887. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Empower the County Supervisor of Hampton County to Sell Poor Farm and Deposit Proceeds at Interest. Section 1. County Supervisor of Hampton County May Sell Poor Farm—Conditions of Sale.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the County Supervisor of Hampton county be, and he is hereby, empowered 

to sell to the highest bidder for cash the Poor Farm of said county: Provided, That he may refuse to accept any bid for a less amount than said farm is worth in his judgment, and may readvertise the sale thereof until a reasonable price therefor is obtained. § 2. Deposit of Proceeds.—Upon sale thereof the proceeds of such sale shall be deposited by the County Treasurer with some safe depository until disposed of by the directions of Legislative Delegation in writing directed to the County Supervisor. § 3. All Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. § 4. This Act shall go into effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. No. 888. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Authorize the Trustees of Blen- heim School District No. 15, of Marlboro County, to Use Certain Surplus Funds Derived from the Sinking Fund of Said School District for Repairs, and Improve- ments on the School Buildings in Said District, and for the Payment of the Indebtedness Thereof and to Require the County Superintendent of Education to Draw His Warrant or Warrants for Same and to Authorize and Direct the Payment Thereof by the County Treasurer. Whereas, Blenheim School District No. 15 heretofore issued and now has outstanding certain bonds for the erection of school build- ings in said district ; and, Whereas, Subsequent to the issuance of said bonds additional territory had been added to said school district by the consolidation with the former school district known as Drake No. 2, and the former school district known as Parnassus No. 13; Whereas, The addition of the said territory has increased the school district and has rendered it necessary to increase school facilities ; and, 

Whereas, The tax levy of the consolidated district is far more than enough to raise a sufficient sum to pay the interest and provide for the sinking fund of the bonds issued by the original Blenheim School District No. 15, and it is highly desirable to permit the present school district to use the surplus funds in the hands of the County Treasurer for school purposes in said school district ; therefore, Section 1. School District No. 15, of Marlboro County, May Use Surplus Sinking Fund for School Purposes.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the Trustees of Blenheim School District No. 15 be, and are hereby, authorized to use the surplus funds derived from the sinking fund of said school district for such repairs, improvements, remod- eling and other necessary school purposes in said district as the Trustees may consider necessary, and the County Superintendent of Education of said county is hereby required to draw his warrant or warrants for the same payable to such party or parties as he may be directed by the Trustees of said district. That the Treas- urer of Marlboro county is hereby authorized and directed to honor and pay the warrant or warrants so drawn upon him by the County Superintendent of Education out of any surplus funds belonging to the sinking fund, and not necessary to provide for the retirement for the bond at maturity. § 2. Use of Fund by Trustees.—That the Trustees of said school district are hereby authorized to expend said funds for any form of permanent school improvements in said school district, and to pay any outstanding indebtedness for permanent improvements. ‘That the said School Trustees shall not use or draw any portion of said sinking fund in excess of the amount that would have been raised by tax levy for the bonds within the territory of the original Blenheim School District. That they are authorized to use such excess portion of said funds for permanent improvements arising from the bond levy covering the Drake School District territory and the Parnassus School District territory. Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. 

No. 889. A JOINT RESOLUTION Directing the Refund of Excessive County and State Taxes Paid by T. N. Clement. Section 1. Refund of County Taxes to T. N. Clement.— Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Caro- lina: That the Supervisor of Spartanburg county be, and he is hereby, required to draw his warrant upon the County Treasurer of Spartanburg county for the sum of nineteen and 51/100 ($19.51) dollars, in favor of T. N. Clement, excess county taxes paid by the said T. N. Clement for the year 1917, and that the County Treas- urer of Spartanburg county be required to pay the same. § 2. Refund of State Taxes.—That the Comptroller General is hereby directed and required to draw his warrant upon the State Treasurer in favor of T. N. Clement for the sum of eight and 73/100 ($8.73) dollars, being the amount of excess State taxes paid by the said T. N. Clement for the year 1917, and that the said State Treasurer is hereby required to pay the same. Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 890. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Empower the Town Council of Ridgeway to Convey School Grounds to the Trustees of School District No. 16, of Fairfield County. Section 1. Town of Ridgeway to Convey Lot to School District No. 16, of Fairfield County.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the Town Council of Ridgeway, by Resolution adopted by a majority thereof, be, and is hereby, empowered to authorize the Intendant or Mayor of said town to convey in fee simple the school grounds located at Ridgeway, consisting of four acres, more or less, to the Trustees, and their successors, of School District No. 16, of Fairfield county, known as Ridgeway School District. § 2. This Joint Resolution shall take effect upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 10th day of March, A. D. 1920. 65—A. 

No. 891. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Require the Tax Commission to Allow Banks and Banking Associations Doing Business in This State the Exemption from Taxation as Provided by an Act Entitled “An Act to Exempt from Taxation No More Than Twenty-Five Per Cent. of the Amount of the Capital Stock and Surplus of Any Banking Cor- poration Doing Business in This State Invested in United States Liberty Bonds and Farm Loan Bonds of the Federal Land Bank of Columbia. Whereas, The General Assembly at its last session passed an Act entitled “An Act to exempt from taxation no more than twenty- five per cent. of the amount of the capital stock and surplus of any banking corporation doing business in this State invested in United States Liberty Bonds, and Farm Loan Bonds of the Federal Land Bank of Columbia,” approved the 14th of January, 1920; now, therefore, Section 1. Tax Commission to Carry Into Effect Act Relat- ing to Taxation of Banks.—Be it resolved by the General Assem- bly of the State of South Carolina: That the Tax Commission of the State be, and it is hereby, required to give full force and effect to the provisions of said Act as for and from the first day of Jan- uary, 1920, in computing for taxation, either for State, county or municipal purposes, the true value in money in all shares of stock in any bank or banking association doing business in this State, and any surplus thereof. § 2. All Acts or parts of Acts in conflict with the provisions of this Act be, and the same hereby are, repealed. Approved the 6th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 892. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Empower the Mayor of Bates- burg, in Lexington County, to Sell and Convey Certain Lands in Said Town; and to Sell Certain Houses Located Thereon, and to Confirm and Validate the Title to a Lot of Said Land Heretofore Sold and Conveyed. Section 1. Mayor of Town of Batesburg to Convey Certain Lot and Buildings.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of 

the State of South Carolina: That the Mayor of the town of Bates- burg, in Lexington county, be, and he is hereby, empowered to sell and convey so much of the lands heretofore purchased by the said town for cemetery purposes, and to sell the dwelling house and out- houses located on the premises unsold, the said houses to be removed from the premises, on such terms and at such price as the Town Council by resolution may direct. § 2. Title to Lands Sold Validated.—That the title to a lot of the said lands heretofore sold and conveyed by the town be, and the same is hereby, confirmed and validated. § 3. This Joint Resolution shall take effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 893. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Empower and Direct the Super- visor and Board of County Commissioners of Fairfield County to Sell the County Poorhouse and Farm, Exe- cute Good and Sufficient Title Thereto, and to Place the Purchase Price Thereof to the Credit of Certain County Funds. Section 1. Fairfield County to Sell Poor Farm—Conditions and Terms of Sale—Use of Proceeds.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: Upon approval of this Resolution, the Supervisor and Board of County Commis- sioners of the county of Fairfield be, and they are hereby, author- ized, empowered and directed to sell and execute to the purchaser a good and sufficient title to the county poorhouse, farm, and all property of the county, real or personal, or mixed, used in connec- tion therewith: Provided, however, That the said county authorities herein named shall duly advertise the said property for a space of at least thirty days in four public places in the county. and in at least four consecutive issues of a newspaper published within the said county, giving notice of the sale, and the place for receiving bids therefor, which shall be the county Courthouse, at the hour of noon, on the date set, or, if for satisfactory reason to the Super- visor there ‘shall not be a sale on the date and time as set in the said notice, a postponement thereof for a space of a week, from 

time to time, may be permitted, and the said property shall be sold as required herein to the highest bidder at the said public sale upon terms of one-third cash, balance on notes, with mortgage security of the balance due thereon satisfactory to the said county authorities, with the advice and consent of: their county attorney; the said balance to be paid in equal installments one and two years from date of sale, with interest: Provided, further, That no bid for the farm and improvements thereon shall be accepted less than its value in open market, as determined and fixed by resolution of said county authorities. The proceeds of the sale of the said property, or any part thereof, shall be placed with the County Treasurer, to be equitably divided among the several school districts of the county by joint action of the Board of Education of the county and the County Superintendent of Education, to be used only for permanent school improvement uses. § 2. This Resolution shall become of force immediately upon its ratification. Approved the 10th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 894. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Make an Appropriation for the Completion of the Citadel, to Provide an Annual Levy of One-Half Mill for Three Years to Provide Funds Therefor and to Authorize the Sale of the Old Citadel Site. Whereas, The General Assembly of South Carolina, through an Act approved March 7th, 1919, authorized the Board of Visitors to sell the Citadel in Charleston, the said Act providing that the money derived from the sale be used in constructing new and larger quarters for the Citadel on the lot which the city of Charleston donated to the State of South Carolina for that purpose; and, Whereas, The present Citadel buildings can not be sold to advan- tage until the new buildings are completed and occupied by the Institution. Section 1. Appropriation for Completion of Citadel— Levy for Three Years.—Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That in order to provide funds for the completion of the new Citadel buildings on the site recently 

acquired for that purpose, the sum of six hundred thousand dollars is hereby appropriated and an annual tax of one-half mill on all the taxable property of the State is hereby levied for a period of three years, commencing 1920. § 2. Board of Visitors May Borrow.—That in anticipation of the revenues to be derived under this Act the Board of Visitors of the Citadel is hereby authorized and empowered to borrow, as the same may be needed, a sum not exceeding six hundred thousand ($600,000.00) dollars to be used exclusively for the construction of said new Citadel buildings, and to issue therefor the note or notes of the Board of Visitors of the Citadel, executed by the proper officers of said Board, which said notes are hereby declared to be obligations of the State of South Carolina, for the payment of which said note or notes, the revenues to be raised by the aforesaid annual levy are hereby pledged to be used for the retirement of said notes as they may mature, upon presentation thereof to the State Treasurer at his office in Columbia, S. C., or at some bank or fiscal agent of the State in New York City. § 3. Sale of Present Site—Use of Proceeds—Proviso.— That the Board of Visitors be authorized to make a sale of the present Citadel site and buildings at such time, within three years after the approval of this Resolution, as in their judgment may be most advantageous, and that the proceeds of such sale be paid into the State treasury to replace the funds hereby appropriated: Pro- vided, That should the proceeds thereof exceed six hundred thou- sand dollars any overplus shall be available for the construction of additional buildings on the new Citadel site as originally contem- plated in the Act of March 7, 1919. § 4. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. § 5. That this Act shall take effect immediately upon the approval of the Governor. Approved the 10th day of March, A. D. 1920. 

No. 895. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Authorize and Require the County Treasurer of Horry County to Pay Over to the County Board of Commissioners Certain Funds Now in His Hands, Known as the Building Fund, and to Authorize the Said Board of County Commissioners to Use the Same for the Erection of a Bridge Over Upper Waccamaw River. Whereas, There is now in the hands of the County Treasurer of Horry county the sum of twelve hundred and fifty-six and 16/100 ($1,256.16) dollars, which is held by him and designated on his records as “Building Fund ;” therefore, Section 1. County Treasurer of Horry County to Turn Over “Building Fund” to County Commissioners.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That immediately upon the approval of this Act by the Governor, the County Treasurer of Horry county is authorized and directed to turn over to the County Board of Commissioners of said county the sum of twelve hundred fifty-six and 16/100 ($1,256.16) dollars, held by him as “Building Fund.” § 2. To Be Used for Bridge Over Upper Waccamaw River, If Sufficient Funds Available.—That the County woard of Commissioners of Horry county are hereby authorizea, directed and empowered to use the said sum of twelve hundred fifty-six and 16/100 ($1,256.16) dollars in the erection of a bridge across upper Waccamaw River, at such a place as they may deem most advan- tageous to the traveling public; and in the event the said County Commissioners find this fund to be insufficient to erect said bridge, they are authorized to hold said sum, together with all accrued interest, until a sufficient sum to supplement this amount is given them, either by appropriation or otherwise, at which time they shall hen erect the bridge as directed in this Act. § 3. This Act shall take effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. 

No. 896. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Empower and Direct the Super- visor of Fairfield County to Construct a Public Road Connecting Jenkinsville With Parr Shoals, Both in Said County, and Providing the Means Therefor. Section 1. County Supervisor of Fairfield County to Con- struct Road Connecting Jenkinsville and Parr Shoals—Pro- visos.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: Within thirty days after the ratificanion of this Joint Resolution, the Supervisor of Fairfield county shall employ a skilled surveyor to survey, define and lay off a road leading from the most suitable point on the public road leading from Jenkinsville to Alston, in said county, to the Parr Shoals, a distance estimated of one and a half miles. With the specifications aforesaid sup- plied, the said Supervisor shall forthwith proceed to construct the said road hereinbefore defined, and to assist the process of construc- tion he is in addition authorized, in his discretion, also to hire labor for the purpose, or put the same, or part thereof, to contract: Pro- vided, Free and convict labor shall not be utilized together on the work: Provided, further, That before engaging in the performance of the said work as specified herein, the Supervisor shall have received at least one-half the estimated cost of construction of the said road, including any necessary condemnation of land for the purpose of right of way, from individual or other sources inter- ested and to be benefited specially by the construction of the said road. § 2. All Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with the provisions of this Resolution are hereby repealed so far as they effect the pro- visions of this Resolution. § 3. This Resolution shall become effective upon its ratification. Approved the 10th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 897. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Provide for the Payment of .Ninety-Eight Dollars to L. H. Barnes for Cattle Lost by Dipping.. Section 1. L. H. Barnes to Be Paid for Cattle.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: 

That the Comptroller General be, and he is hereby, required to draw his warrant in favor of L. H. Barnes for ninety-eight dollars for the loss of cattle, which loss was caused from dipping for the eradication of cattle ticks under the direction of the Agent of the State, and the State Treasurer be required to pay the same. Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 898. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Require the Repayment of $321.78 by Chesterfield County to the Citizens Loan and Trust Company, Excess Taxes Paid Said County for the Years 1913, 1914, 1915, 1916, 1917 and 1918. Section 1. Refund of Taxes to Citizens Loan & Trust Co. from Chesterfield County.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the Supervisor of Chesterfield be, and is hereby, required to draw his .warrant in favor of the Citizens Loan & Trust Company for the sum of three hundred and twenty-one ($321.78) dollars and seventy-eight cents to refund to said Trust Company in excess in taxes paid to said county by said Trust Company for the years 1913, 1914, 1915, 1916, 1917 and 1918, and the County Treasurer of said county be, and is hereby, required to pay the same. § 2. This Resolution shall take effect upon approval. Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 899. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Empower the Trustees of Pine- wood School District No. 1, of Clarendon County, to Borrow $2,500.00 for the Improvement of a Teachers’ Cottage, and to Provide for Its Payment. Section 1. School District No. 1, of Clarendon County, May Borrow.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the Trustees of Pinewood School District No. 1, of Clarendon county, be, and they are hereby, empowered to borrow at least twenty-five hundred ($2,500.00) dollars for the purpose of improving the teachers’ cottage of said 

district, and to secure the payment of said loan by giving a mort- gage covering said cottage; said loan to be secured at a rate of interest not to exceed seven per cent. § 2. Tax for Payment.—In addition to the levy for the sup- port of schools in said district, as now provided for, said Trustees are empowered to levy a sufficient amount to pay said loan within three (3) years from the date thereof. The County Auditor is required to enter such levy upon his tax duplicates, and the County Treasurer shall collect the same as other taxes are collected; the proceeds to be applied to the liquidation of said debt and interest thereon. § 3. This Joint Resolution shall take effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 10th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 900. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Appoint a Commission for the Erection of a Monument to the Memory of Thomas Heyward, Jr., a Signer of the Declaration of Independ- ence. Section 1. Commission for Erection of .Monument to Thos. Heyward, Jr.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That a Commission, composed of two members, one to be appointed by the Speaker of the House and one by the President of the Senate, be, and the same is hereby, created for the purpose of purchasing and having erected at the grave of Thomas Heyward, Jr., one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, a monunment, around which monument there shall be erected an iron fence. § 2. Appropriation for Cost of Monument—Proviso.— That the State Treasurer be, and he is hereby, authorized, directed and expowered to pay such persons as shall be designated by the said Commission, when so appointed, the cost of the erection of such monument and iron fence: Provided, The same shall in no event exceed the sum of two thousand and five hundred ($2,500.00) dollars. § 3. That this Act shall take effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. 

No. 901. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Create a Pee Dee Bridge Com- mission and to Authorize, Empower and Direct the Building by Them of a Bridge Across the Great Pee Dee River, at or Near Mars Bluff Ferry, Together With Approaches, Embankments, Trestles and Bridges Adjacent and Appurtenent Thereto; and to Provide for the Borrowing of Money by the Counties of Marion, Florence, Dillon, Charleston and Berkeley for the Build- ing of Same, and to Provide for a Tax Levy to Meet the Interest and Create a Sinking Fund. Whereas, It will be of great advantage to the eastern and southern parts of the State that a bridge be built across Great Pee Dee River, at Mars Bluff Ferry; and, Whereas, The erection of a substantial and suitable bridge, as aforesaid, would cost the sum of four hundred thousand ($400,000) dollars; and, Whereas, Of the amount of four hundred thousand ($400,000) dollars, the State Highway Commission, through Federal aid, has agreed, and will pay one-half the cost, to wit: The sum of two hundred thousand ($200,000) dollars; therefore, Section 1. Pee Dee Bridge Commission.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That there is hereby created a Pee Dee Bridge Commission to consist of the County Commissioners of Marion county, the Highway Commission of Florence county and one member each from the™ nties of Charleston, Dillon and Berkeley, said members to be ypointed by the Governor upon the recommendation of a majority of the Legis- lative Delegation from each county, respectively. § 2. To Erect Bridge—Cost—Maintenance.—That said Commission, as provided for in Section 1 of this Resolution, is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to utild and erect a bridge across Great Pee Dee River at or near Mars Bluff Ferry, at a cost not to exceed four hundred thousand ($400,000) dollars, the said bridge when completed to be maintained and kept in repair jointly and equally by the counties of Marion and Florence. § 3. Construction of Bridge—Approaches Included in Estimate.—That said bridge must be built substantially in all 

respects and sufficiently adequate in every particular for the heaviest travel over same, and the amount herein provided for, for the build- ing of said bridge, shall include approaches, embankments, trestles and bridges adjacent and appurtenant thereto through the swamp of said river. § 4. Berkeley, Charleston, Dillon, Florence and Marion Counties to Borrow—Proviso.—In order to carry out the pro- visions of this Act the County Commissioners of Marion county are hereby authorized, empowered and directed to borrow the sum of fifty-five thousand ($55,000) dollars, at a rate of interest not exceeding six (6) per cent. per annum, payable annually; the Highway Commission of Florence county is also authorized, empow- ered and directed to borrow the sum of eighty thousand ($80,000) dollars, at a rate of interest not exceeding six (6) per cent. per annum, payable annually; the Sanitary and Drainage Commission of Charleston county is also authorized, empowered and directed to borrow the sum of thirty-five thousand ($35,000) dollars, at a rate of interest not exceeding six (6%) per cent. per annum, payable annually; the County Commissioners of Dillon county are also authorized, empowered and directed to borrow the sum of twenty- five thousand ($25,000) dollars, at a rate of interest not exceeding six (6%) per cent. per annum, payable annually ; the Highway Com- mission of Berkeley county is also authorized, empowered and directed to borrow the sum of five thousand ($5,000) dollars, at a rate of interest not exceeding six (6%) per cent. per annum, pay- able annually, and the said County Commissioners, Highway Com- missioners and Sanitary and Drainage Commission of the respective counties hereinabove mentioned each are authorized, empowered and directed to execute a note or notes for the amounts hereinabove authorized by this Act, and any renewal or renewals thereof, and to pledge the taxes of their respective counties to secure the same: Provided, That said amounts shall not be borrowed until the afore- said Pee Dee Bridge Commission shall have contracted for the building of said bridge, including the approaches, embankments, trestles and bridges adjacent and appurtenant thereto; said contract to be entered into by the said Bridge Building Commission and the State Highway Commission, the said State Highway Commis- sion to pay- one-half of the cost of same under said contract. § 5. Tax for Payment of Loans and Interest.—In order to provide for the payment of interest and create a sinking fund to 

retire the note or notes issued by the aforesaid Commission, the county officers of Marion, Florence, Charleston, Dillon and Berke- ley counties charged with the assessment and collection of taxes, shall levy annually one mill tax on all the property, real and per- sonal, in each of said counties herein named, and collect the same as taxes for State and county purposes are now collected; and the funds so assessed and collected shall be used for the payment of interest on said note or notes, with any surplus being held as a sinking fund to retire the same. § 6. Road in Marion County.—That the County Commis- sioners of Marion county are hereby authorized and directed to build a good and substantial road or highway leading from the gin- house on the land of Henry Mullins, near Sellers, through Jones- boro to Pee Dee Station. § 7. Time for Construction to Begin—Proviso.—That the work of building said bridge shall commence not later than Septem- ber Ist, 1920: Provided, That the construction of said bridge shall not commence until all the amounts hereinabove provided for are in the hands of or available to the said Bridge Building Commission. § 8. Effective on Approval.—This Act shall take effect imme- diately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 10th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 902. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Require the County Treasurer of Greenville County to Pay the Fourth Presbyterian Church the Sum of Thirty-Eight Dollars and Twelve ($38.12) Cents for Overpaid Taxes for the Year 1918. Section 1. Refund of Taxes from Greenville County to Fourth Presbyterian Church.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the County Super- visor of Greenville county is directed to draw his warrant upon the County Treasurer of said county in favor of the Fourth Pres- byterian Church of Greenville for the sum of thirty-eight dollars and twelve cents to refund overpaid taxes for the year nineteen hundred and eighteen. 

§ 2. That this Resolution shall take effect immediately upon tts approval by the Governor. Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 903. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Authorize the Appointment of a Standing Committee to Improve the Heating Plant, Sewerage System, and Make Other Necessary Repairs on the State House, and Define Their Powers and Duties. Whereas, A Joint Committee consisting of two Senators and three Representatives have investigated the heating apparatus and other conditions in and about the Capitol building; and, Whereas, They have submitted a report covering their investiga- tion and recommendation resulting therefrom; therefore, Section 1. Standing Committee for Improvement of State House — Powers — Appropriation — Compensation. — Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That a standing Committee of five members, two of whom shall be appointed by the President of the Senate and three by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, be appointed and given authority to take charge of the matter of installing a new heating plant for the State House sufficient to heat the whole building, and that said Committee be given authority to rearrange the sanitary conditions of the building by changing the sewerage system, and that the said Committee be given full authority to contract with and engage an expert engineer, both as to the heating appartus and the sanitary arrangement of the building, and to contract for the heating plant and the sanitary conditions with full authority to do all that is nec- essary in installing said plant, and that the said Committee be authorized and directed to commence this work immediately ; and also that an appropriation of thirty-five thousand ($35,000) dollars be made to meet the expenses of this work, and that the members of the Committee receive as compensation for their services the sum of five ($5.00) dollars per day and actual expenses while in the actual discharge of their duties in carrying out the terms of this Resolution. Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. 

No. 904. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Provide for the Appointment of a Committee to Make Settlement on Behalf of the State With the Catawba Indian Tribe. Section 1. Committee to Make Settlement With Catawba Indians.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That after the approval of this Joint Resolution there shall be appointed a Commission to confer with representatives of the tribe of Catawba Indians occupying the reservation in York county on terms of a full and final settlement of all their claims against the State. Said Commission shall be composed of three discreet citizens to be appointed by the Governor. § 2. Duties.—It shall be the duty of said Commission, after due consultation and consideration, to report the results of the same to the meeting of the next General Assembly with such recom- mendations by Resolution or Bill as may be necessary to effect a full and final settlement with said Catawba Indian Tribe of all claims by them against the State of South Carolina. § 3. Compensation.—The members of said Commission shall each receive a per diem, not to exceed twenty (20) days of seven ($7.00) dollars and mileage of five (5) cents per mile for necessary expenses in carrying out the provisions of this Resolution. § 4. This Joint Resolution shall take effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 905. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 34 of Article III of the Constitution, Relating to the Manner of Fixing the Amount of Compensation to Be Paid County Officers, by Striking Out Subsection X of the Original Constitution, Appearing in Code of Laws, Volume II, Page 615, as Subsection VIII. Section 1. Amendment to Article III, Section 24, Constitu- tion, Proposed as to Mode of Fixing Compensation of County Officers.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of 

South Carolina: That Section 34 of Article III of the Constitution relating to the manner of fixing the amount of compensation of the said county officers be amended by striking out Subsection X of the original Constitution appearing in Code of Laws, A. D. 1912 Volume II, page 615, as Subsection 8, so that said section, when so amended, shall read as follows, conforming to the numbering of subsections as in the original Constitution Section 34. The General Assembly of this State shall not enact local or special laws concerning any of the following subjects or for any of the following purposes, to wit (1) To change the names of persons or places (2) (Repealed) (3) To incorporate cities, towns or villages (4) To incorporate educational, religious, charitable, social, man- ufacturing or banking institutions not under the control of the State, or amend or extend the charters thereof (5) To incorporate school districts (6) To authorize the adoption or legitimation of children (7) To provide for the protection of game (8) To summons and empanel grand and petit jurors (9) (Repealed) (10) (Repealed) (11) In all cases where a general law can be made applicable, no special law shall be enacted (12) The General Assembly shall forthwith enact general laws concerning said subjects for said purposes, which shall be uniform in their operations: Provided, That nothing contained in this section shall prohibit the General Assembly from enacting special provisions in general laws (13) The provisions of this section shall not apply to charitable and educational corporations where under the terms of the gift devise or will, special incorporations may be required § 2. The question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted to the qualified electors of the State at the next general election for members of the House of Representatives, as follows Those in favor of the amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 34, Article III of the Constitution, relating to the manner of fixing the amount of compensation to be paid county officers, as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint 

Resolution to amend Section 34 of Article III of the Constitution, relating to the manner of fixing the amount of compensation to be paid county officers by striking out Subsection 10 of the original Constitution appearing in Code of Laws, Volume II, page 615, as Subsection 8’—Yes.” Those opposed to the said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 34, Article III of the Constitution, relating to the manner of fixing the amount of compensation to be paid county officers as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 34 of Article III of the Constitution, relating to the manner of fixing the amount of compensation to be paid county officers, by striking out Subsection 10 of the original Constitution, appearing in Code of Laws, Volume II, page 615, as Subsection 8’—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 906. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness, by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Town of Marion. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Con- stitution, Proposed as to Bonded Debt of Town of Marion.— Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the limitations imposed by this section and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness of the town of Marion when the proceeds of such bonds are applied exclusively for the building, erecting, establishing, repairing, extending or maintaining of sidewalks, streets, waterworks, lighting plants, sewerage system, fire department, or town hall and guardhouse for such town, or for any or either of such purposes, or for the payment of any indebtedness already incurred for any or either of such purposes; and when the question of incurring such bonded indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of said municipality by the Town Council of said town, and a majority of those voting in such election or elections shall vote in favor thereof. 

§ 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the electors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Con- stitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness, as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Marion’—Yes.” Those opposed to the said amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness, as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Marion’—No.” Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. No. 907. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness, by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Town of Saluda, in Saluda County, and Kingstree, Williamsburg County. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Con- stitution, Proposed as to Bonded Debts of Towns of Saluda and Kingstree.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the limitations imposed by this section and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina, shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness of the towns of Saluda, in Saluda county, and Kingstree, Williamsburg county, when the proceeds of such bonds are applied exclusively for the building, erecting, establishing, repairing, extending or main- taining of sidewalks, streets, waterworks, lighting plants, sewerage system, fire department, or town hall and guardhouse for such towns, or for any or either of such purposes, or for the payment cf any indebtedness already incurred for any or either of such purposes ; and when the question of incurring such bonded indebted- 

ness is submitted to the qualified electors of said municipalities by the Town Councils of said towns a majority of those voting in such election or elections shall vote in favor thereof. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the electors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Con- stitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the towns of Saluda and Kingstree’ —Yes.” Those opposed to the said amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Con- stitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness, by adding a proviso thereto as to the towns of Saluda and Kings- tree’'—No.” Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. No. 908. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, Relating to the Limit of the Bonded Debt of Cities, by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the City of Charleston. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Consti- tution, Proposed as to Bonded Debt of City of Charleston.— Be it resolved by the General Assemply of the State of South Caro- lina: That the following amendment to Section 7, Article 8 of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to: Add at the end thereof the following words: Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section and by Section 5, Article X of the Constitution, shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the city of Charleston nor to the issuing of certificates of indebt- edness by said city where the proceeds of said bonds or certificates of indebtedness are applied solely and exclusively to the payment 

of permanent improvements on streets, the intersection of streets and sidewalks, and for curbing of streets and for drains, where the City Council of said city shall levy an assessment upon abutting property as provided in and by the amendment to Section 14-A, Article X of said Constitution, ratified February 15th, 1919, and where the entire revenue arising from the assessments so levied by the City Council of said city shall be devoted solely and exclusively to the payment of said bonds or certificates of indebtedness and where the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the freeholders and qualified voters of said city as provided in the Constitution upon other bonded indebtedness. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the quali- fied electors of this State as follows: Those in favor of said amend- ment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of cities as pro- posed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to the limit of the bonded debt of cities by adding a proviso thereto as to the city of Charleston’—Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of cities as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to the limit of the bonded debt of cities by adding a proviso thereto as to the city of Charles- ton’—No.” Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 909. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Bonded Debt of the City of Charleston. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Con- stitution, Proposed as to Bonded Debt of City of Charleston for Port Facilities.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of 

VO the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to: Add at the end of said section as now con- stituted the following words: “Provided, further, That the limita- tions imposed by this section and by Section 5 of Article X of this Constitution shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the city of Charleston where the proceeds of said bonds are applied solely for the acquisition, purchase, establishment, improvement. maintenance or operation of lands, water or riparian rights, wharves, docks, warehouses, buildings, rights of way, or any other property for the development of the port and terminal utilities of the port of Charleston, where the question of incurrring such indebtedness is submitted to the freeholders and qualified voters of the city of Charleston as provided in the Constitution, upon the question of other bonded indebtedness.” § 2. The question of adopting this amendment shall be submitted to the qualified electors of the State at the next general election for members of the House of Representatives as follows: Those in favor of the amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amend- ment to Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness, by adding a proviso thereto as to the bonded debt of the city of Charles- ton’— Yes.” Those opposed to the amendment shall deposit a hallot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the bonded debt of the city of Charleston’—No.” Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. 

No. 910. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 5 of Article VIII of the Constitution Relating to Waterworks and Plants for Furnishing Lights by Adding a Proviso Referring to Ice Manufacturing Plants. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 5, Consti- tution, Proposed as to Ownership of Ice Plants by Municipal Corporations.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 5 of Article VIII of the Constitution be agreed to by two-thirds of the members elected to each House and entered on the journals respectively with the yeas and nays taken thereon and be sub- mitted to the qualified electors of the State at the next general election thereafter for Representatives, to wit: After the words “waterworks systems and plants for furnishing lights,” add the words “and ice manufacturing plants,” and after the words “water and lights” add the words “and ice,” so that said section, as amended, shall read as follows: Section 5. Cities and towns may acquire, by construction or pur- chase, and may operate waterworks systems and plants for furnish- ing lights and ice manufacturing plants, and may furnish water and lights and ice to individuals, firms and private corporations for reasonable compensation: Provided, That no such construction or purchase shall be made except ripon a majority vote of the electors in said cities or towns who are qualified to vote on the bonded indebtedness of said cities or towns. § 2. That those electors at the said election voting in favor of said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Section 5, Article 8 of the State Constitution by adding the words ‘ice manu- ” facturing plants’ and the words ‘and ice’—Yes; and those voting against the amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Section 5 of Article 8 of the State Constitution by adding the words ‘ice manufacturing plants’ and the words ‘and ice’—No.” Approved the 12th day of February, A. D. 1920. 

No. 911. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Propose an Amendment to Article VIII of the Constitution by Adding Thereto Section 13, to Empower Cities and Towns to Acquire and Operate Ice Plants. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Constitution, Pro- posed by Adding Section 13 Empowering Municipal Cor- porations to Acquire Ice Plants—Aiken, Barnwell, Calhoun, Marion and Marlboro Counties Exempted.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Article VIII of the State Constitution, to be known as Section 13 of said Article VIII, be agreed to by two- thirds of the members elected to each House and entered on the Journals respectively with nays and yeas taken thereon and be submitted to the qualified electors of the State at the next general election thereof for Representatives, to wit: Add the following section to Article VIII of the Constitution, to be known as Section 13: “Cities and towns may acquire and operate ice plants.” Section 1. Cities and towns may acquire by construction or pur- chase and may operate manufactories or plants for making ice, and may furnish ice at wholesale or retail to individuals, firms and private corporations for reasonable compensation: Provided, That the purchase or construction of any such ice plant by any city or town heretofore made is ratified and confirmed: And provided, fur- ther, That no such construction or purchase shall be made hereafter except upon a majority vote of the electors in said cities or towns who are qualified to vote on the bonded indebtedness of said cities or towns: Provided, further, The provisions hereof shall not apply to the counties of Aiken, Calhoun, Marion, Barnwell and Marlboro. § 2. Ballots.—That the electors voting at such general election in favor of the proposed amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Article VIII of the Constitution by adding Section 13, empow- ering cities and towns to acquire and operate ice plants—Yes.” And those voting against said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written thereon: “Amendment to Article VIII of the Constitution by adding Section 13, empowering cities and towns to acquire and operate ice plants—No.” 

§ 3. Managers of Elections.—A!! managers of elections shall canvass said vote and certify the result as now provided by law, and shall provide separate boxes for said ballots. Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 912. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, Relating to the Bonded Indebted- nesss of Cities, by Adding a Proviso Thereto in Regard to the City of Union. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Consti- tution, Proposed as to Bonded Debt of City of Union.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution of South Carolina be agreed to: Add at the end of said section the following words: “Provided, further, That the limitations and restrictions imposed by this section and by Section 13 of Article I] and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution, shall not apply to bonds issued or to be issued by the city of Union for the purpose of funding or paying any indebtedness incurred before February 15, 1920, for municipal purposes, and all such indebted- ness incurred before said date is hereby validated, and the General Assembly shall have power by special Act to authorize said city to issue bonds to fund the same without regard to limitations and restrictions.” § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the qualified electors of this State as follows: Those in favor of said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII relating to bonded indebtedness of cities as pro- posed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to the bonded indebtedness of cities, by adding a proviso thereto in regard to the city of Union’-—Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII 

relating to bonded indebtedness of cities as proposed by Joint Reso lution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to the bonded indebtedness of cities. by adding a proviso thereto in regard to the city of Union’—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 913. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the City of Laurens. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Consti- tution, Proposed as to Bonded Debt of City of Laurens.— Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Caro. lina: That the following amendment of Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to: Add to the end thereof the following words: “Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section and by Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the city of Laurens, in addition to the powers possessed. said city of Laurens may increase its bonded indebtedness in the manner provided in Section 7 of Article VIII, where the proceeds of said bond are applied to the payment of expenses and liabilities incurred, or to be incurred, in the improvement of streets and side- walks. But nothing herein contained shall be construed to limit the operation of the amendment to Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution approved February 3, 1911, which amendment reads as follows: “Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section and by Section 5 of Article X of this Constitution shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness in and by any municipal corporation when the proceeds of the bonds are applied solely and exclusively for the purchase, establishment and maintenance of a waterworks plant or sewerage system, or lighting plant, and when the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the freeholders and qualified voters of such municipality as pro- vided in the Constitution upon the question of other bonded indebt- edness,” said amendment shall remain in full force and effect. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives, to the 

electors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Con- stitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed ‘by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the city of Laurens’— Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Consti- tutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the city of Laurens’— No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 914. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Various Townships of Union County. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, and Article X, Section 5, Constitution, Proposed as to Certain Townships of Union County.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amend- ment to Section 7, Article VIII and Section 5, Article X of the Constitution be agreed to: Add at the end thereof the following words: Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by Section 7, Article VIII and Section 5, Article X of the Constitution shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the townships of Cross Keys, Santuck, Pinckney, Goshen Hill, Union, Bogansville, Jonesville and Fish Dam, in Union county; and that the aforesaid townships may increase their bonded indebtedness in the manner provided in said section of said article to an amount not exceeding thirty-five (35) per cent. of the assessed value of the taxable prop- erty therein for improvements of the highways and bridges in the said townships of Union county: Provided, The question of increas- 

ing such bonded indebtedness is submitted, or has been submitted, to the qualified electors of said townships, and a majority of those voting in such election or elections shall vote in favor thereof. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the electors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Con- stitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to the municipal bonded indebtedness, as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution proposing to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the townships afore- said’— Yes.” “Constitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution pro- posing to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the townships aforesaid’—Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to the municipal bonded indebt- edness as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution proposing to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso “Constitutional thereto as to the townships aforesaid’—No.” amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution proposing to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the townships aforesaid’ No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. 

No. 915. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Town of Bennettsville. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Consti- tution, Proposed as to Bonded Debt of Town of Bennetts- ville.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to, viz.: Add at the end of said section the following words: ‘‘Pro- vided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section and by Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution shall not apply to bonded or other indebtedness of the town of Bennettsville incurred for street or sidewalk improvements, in cases where the corporate authorities of said town shall have determined to levy special assess- ments on abutting property for the purpose of paying for the improvements (whether including or not including improvements at street intersections); and such indebtedness of the town of Bennettsville shall not be considered in determining the amount of indebtedness permitted to be incurred by said town for other pur- poses, or by any other political or civil division or subdivision of the State for any purpose.” § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be submitted at the next general election for Representatives to the qualified electors of this State as follows: Those in favor of said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII, as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness, by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Bennettsville—Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII, as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution, relating to municipal bonded indebtedness, by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Bennettsville’-—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. 

No. 916. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Bonded Debt of the City of Charleston. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Consti- tution, Proposed as to Bonded Debt of City of Charleston.— Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to: Add at the end of said section as now constituted the following words: “Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section and by Section 5 of Article X of this Constitution shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the city of Charleston where the proceeds of said bonds are applied solely for the acquisi- tion, purchase, establishment, improvement, maintenance or opera- tion of lands, water or riparian rights, wharves, docks, warehouses, buildings, rights of way, or any other property for the development of the port and terminal utilities of the port of Charleston, where the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the free- holders and qualified voters of the city of Charleston, as provided in the Constitution, upon the question of other bonded indebted- ness.” § 2. The question of adopting this amendment shall be submitted to the qualified electors of the State at the next general election for members of the House of Representatives as follows: Those in favor of the amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amend- ment to Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the bonded debt of the city of Charleston’—Yes.” Those opposed to the amendment shall deposit a hallot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 

7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the bonded debt of the city of Charleston’—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 917. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Town of Newberry. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Consti- tution, Proposed as to Bonded Debt of Town of Newberry.— Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Caro- lina: That the following amendment to Section 7 of Article VIT1 of the Constitution be agreed to: Add at the end thereof the follow- ing words: Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section and by Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the town of New- berry; but in addition to the powers now possessed, said town of Newberry may increase its bonded indebtedness in the manner pro. vided in said Section 7 of Article VIII to an amount not exceeding twenty per cent. of the value of the taxable property therein, where the proceeds of said bonds are applied to the expenses and liabilities incurred or to be incurred in the improvement of streets, sidewalks, or other public places, or the purchase, establishment, maintenance, operating or increase of a city market or a public park or parks, or other corporate purposes. But nothing herein contained shall be construed to limit the operation of the amendment to Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution, approved February 3d, 1911, which said amendment reads as follows: “Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section and by Section 5 of Article X of this Constitution shall not apply to the bonded Indebtedness in and by any municipal corporation when the proceeds of the bonds are applied solely and exclusively for the purchase, establishment and maintenance of a waterworks plant, or sewerage system, or lighting plant, and when the question of incurring such indebted- ness is submitted to the freeholders and qualified voters of such 

municipality as provided in the Constitution upon the question of other bonded indebtedness,” and said amendment shall remain in full force and effect. § 2. The question of adopting this amendment shall be submitted to the qualified electors of the State at the next general election for members of the House of Representatives as follows: Those in favor of the amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amend- ment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded -indebtedness as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Newberry’—Yes.” Those opposed to the said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the follow- ing words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating 10 municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Newberry’—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 918. A JOINT RESOLUTION Proposing to Amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Town of Bishopville. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Con- stitution, Proposed as to Bonded Debt of Town of Bishop- ville.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution be agreed to: Add at the end thereof the following words: “Provided, further, That the limitation imposed upon by this section and by Section 5, Article X of the Constitution shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the town of Bishopville, but that the said town of Bishopville may increase its bonded indebtedness in the manner provided in said section of said article to an amount not exceeding 15% of 

the assessed value of the taxable property therein, where the pro- ceeds derived from said bonds are applied for the improvements of the streets and sidewalks in the said town of Bishopville: Pro- vided, The question of increasing such bonded indebtedness is sub- mitted or has been submitted to the qualified electors of said municipality by the Town Council of the said town of Bishopville, a majority of those voting in such election shall vote in favor thereof.” § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the elec- tors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Con- stitution relating to the municipal bonded indebtedness as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution proposing to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Bishopville’-—Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness as pro- posed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution proposing to amend Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Bishopville’-—No.” Approved the 10th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 919. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII -of the Constitution Relating to Municipal Bonded Indebtedness by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Town of Bennettsville. Section 1. Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7, Con- stitution, Proposed as to Debt of Town of Bennettsville.— Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 7, Article VIII of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to, viz.: Add at the end of said section the following words: “Provided. fur- 

ther, That the Tiniitations imposed by this section and by Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution shall not apply to bonded or other indebtedness of the town of Bennettsville incurred for street or sidewalk improvements, in oases where the corporate authorities of said town shall have levied or shall have determined to levy, special assessments on abutting property for the purpose of paying for the improvements (whether including or not including improve- ments at street intersections) ; and such indebtedness of the town of Bennettsville shall not be considered in determining the amount of indebtedness permitted to be incurred by said town for other purposes, or by any other political or civil division or subdivision of the State for any purpose.” § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the quali- fied electors of this State as follows: Those in favor of said amend- ment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Bennettsville-—Yes.” Those opposed to said amend- ment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 7, Article VIII as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 7 of Article VIII of the Constitution relating to municipal bonded indebtedness by adding a proviso thereto as to the town of Bennettsville.—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 920. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article vu and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution, So as to Exempt the Town of Chesterfield from the Provisions Thereof. Section 1. Amendments to Article VIII, Section 7, and Article X, Section 5, Constitution, Proposed as to Town of Chesterfield.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the limitations imposed in Section 

7, Article VIII and by Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina shall not apply to the bonded indebt- edness incurred by the town of Chesterfield, when the proceeds of any bonds issued by said city are applied exclusively to the pur- chase, erection, improvements and maintenance of streets and side- walks where the abutting property owners are assessed as much as one-half the cost thereof, or for the purchase, construction and maintenance of waterworks, lighting plants, gas plants, sewerage system, or for the payment of debts incurred, and when the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of the said municipality as provided by law. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment of the Con- stitution shall be submitted at the next general election for Repre- sentatives to the General Assembly to the qualified electors of this State. For those voting on said amendment there shall be furnished a sufficient number of ballots with the following words plainly writ- ten or printed thereon: ““Amendment to Section 7, Article VIII and - Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution exempting the town of Chesterfield from the foregoing provisions relating to municipal bonded indebtedness—Yes or No.” Those voting in favor of said amendment shall erase the word “No” on said ballot. Those voting against said amendment shall erase the word “Yes” on said ballot. § 3. This Act shall go into effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. -_-—~- ——— No. 921. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution, So as to Exempt the Town of Hartsville from the Provisions Thereof. Section 1. Amendments to Article VIII, Section 7 and Article X, Section 5, Constitution, Proposed as to Town of Hartsville.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the limitations imposed in Section 7, Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the town of Hartsville, when the proceeds of any bonds 

issued by said town are applied exclusively to the purchase, erection, improvement and maintenance of streets and sidewalks, where the abutting property owners are assessed for as much as two-thirds the cost thereof, or for waterworks, lighting plants, gas plants, sewerage system, or for the payment of debt incurred, and when the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of the Said municipality as provided by law. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment of the Con- stitution shall be submitted to the qualified electors of this State at the next general election for Representatives to the General Assembly. For those voting on said amendment there shall be furnished a sufficient number of ballots with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Section 7, Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution exempt- ing the town of Hartsville from the foregoing provisions relating to municipal bonded indebtedness—Yes or No.” Those voting in favor of said amendment shall erase the word “No” on said ballot ; those voting against said amendment shall erase the word “Yes” on said ballot. § 3. This Act shall go into effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 922. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution, So as to Exempt the City of Chester from the Provisions Thereof. Section 1. Amendments to Article VIII, Section 7 and ‘Article X, Section 5, Constitution, Proposed as to City of Chester.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the limitations imposed in Section 7, Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina shall not apply to the bonded indebt- edness incurred by the city of Chester, when the proceeds of any bonds issued by said city are applied exclusively to the purchase, erection, improvements and maintenance of streets and sidewalks, where the abutting property owners are assessed for as much as 

one-half the cost thereof, or for waterworks, lighting plants, gas plants, sewerage system, or for the payment of debts incurred, and when the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of the said municipality as provided by law. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment of the Con- stitution shall be submitted to the qualified electors of this State at the next general election for Representatives to the General Assembly. For those voting on said amendment there shall be furnished a sufficient number of ballots with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Section 7, Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution exempt- ing the city of Chester from the foregoing provisions relating to municipal bonded indebtedness—Yes or No.” Those voting in favor of said amendment shall erase the word “No” on said ballot; those voting against said amendment shall erase the word “Yes” on said ballot. § 3. This Act shall go into effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 923. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII and Sections 5 and 6 of: Article X of the Constitution, So as to Exempt the County of Richland from the Pro- visions Thereof. Section 1. Amendments to Article VIII, Section 7 and Article X, Sections 5 and 6, Constitution, Proposed as to Richland County.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of of the State of South Carolina: That the limitations imposed in Section 7, Article VIII and in Section 5 and 6, Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the county of Richland, when the proceeds of any bonds issued by said county are applied exclusively to the purchase, erection, improvements and maintenance of a public hospital and a Courthouse, or for the payment of debts incurred, and when the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of the said county as provided by law. 

§ 2. That the question of adopting this amendment to the Con- stitution shall be submitted to the qualified voters of this State at the next general election for Representatives to the General Assem- bly, those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Section 7, Article VIII and Sections 5 and 6, Article X of the Constitution exempting Richland county from the foregoing pro- Those visions relating to bonded county indebtedness—Yes.”’ opposed to said amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Section 7, Article VIII and Sections 5 and 6, Article X of the Constitution exempting Richland county from the foregoing provisions relating to bonded county indebtedness—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 924. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Article VIL, Section 7 and Article X, Section 5 of the Constitution of South Carolina, by Exempting the Town of Allendale, in Allendale County, from the Provisions Thereof. Section 1. Amendments to Article VIII, Section 7 and Article X, Section 5, Constitution, Proposed as to Town of Allendale.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 7, Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of South Carolina be agreed upon by two-thirds of the members elected to each House and entered on the journals, respectively, with the “ayes” and “nays” taken thereon, and be submitted to the qualified electors of the State at the next general election thereafter for Representatives, to wit: Add at the end of said sections the follow- ing proviso: “Provided, That the provision of Article VIII, Section 7, and Article X, Section 5, shall not apply to the bonded indebted- ness incurred by the town of Allendale, in Allendale county, when the proceeds of said bonds are applied, or are to be applied, for the building, erecting, establishment and maintenance of waterworks, electric light plants, sewerage system or streets; or where the pro- ceeds of said bonds are to be applied to the building and construction of a Courthouse and jail in the said town.” 

§ 2. That at said election those electors voting in favor of said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7 and Article X, Section 5 of the Constitution of South Carolina by exempting the town of Allendale, in Allendale county, from the provisions thereof—Yes.” And those opposed to the said amend- ment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Article VIII, Section 7 and Article X, Section 5 of the Constitution of South Carolina by exempting the town of Allendale, in Allendale county, from the provisions thereof—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 925. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 7 of Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution, So as to Exempt the City of Camden from the Provisions Thereof. Section 1. Amendments to Article VIII, Section 7 and ‘Article X, Section 5, Constitution, Proposed as to City of Camden.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the limitations imposed in Section 7, Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness incurred by the city of Camden when the proceeds of any bonds issued by said city are applied exclusively to the purchase, erection, improvements and maintenance of streets and sidewalks, where the abutting property owners are assessed as much as one-half the cost thereof, or for the purchase, construction and maintenance of waterworks, lighting plants, gas plants, sewerage system, or for the payment of debts incurred, and when the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of said municipality, as provided by law. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment of the Con- stitution shall be submitted to the qualified electors of this State at the next general election for Representatives to the General Assembly. For those voting on said amendment there shall be furnished a sufficient number of ballots with the following words 

plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Section 7, Article VIII and Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution exempt- ing the city of Camden from the foregoing provisions relating to municipal bonded indebtedness—Yes or No.” Those voting in favor of said amendment shall erase the word “No” on said ballot; those voting against said amendment shall erase the word “Yes” on said ballot. § 3. This Resolution shall go into effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 926. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 5 of. Article X of the Constitution Relating to the Limit of Bonded Debt of Municipal Corporations and Political Divisions and Subdivisions, by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Santee Bridge District, Comprising the Territory of the Counties of Charleston, Berkeley and Williams- burg. Section 1. Amendment to Article X, Section 5, Consti- tution, Proposed as to Santee Bridge District.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to: Add at the end of said section the following words: “Provided, further, That the limita- tions imposed by this section shall not apply to bonded or other indebtedness of the Santee Bridge District, comprising the territory of the counties of Charleston, Berkeley and Williamsburg, and such indebtedness shall not be considered in determining the power of any other municipal corporation or political division or subdivision to incur debt. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the quali- fied electors of this State as follows: Those in favor of said amend- ment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional:amendment to Section 5, Article X relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5 of 

Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded debt of municipal corporations and political divisions and subdivisons, by addng a proviso thereto as to the Santee Bridge District, com- prising the territory of the counties of Charleston, Berkeley and Williamsburg’—Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded debt of municipal corporations and political divisions and subdivisions, by adding a proviso thereto as to the Santee Bridge District, comprising the territory of the counties of Charleston, Berkeley and Williams- burg’—No.” “March, A. D. 1920. Approved the 10th day of No. 927. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Propose an Amendment to Article X of the Constitution by Adding Thereto a Sec- tion to Be Known as Section 13-A, Empowering County Authorities to Assess Abutting Property for Permanent Improvement of Highways. Section 1. Amendment to Article X, Constitution, Pro- posed, Empowering Counties to Assess Abutting and Adja- cent Property for Highway Improvement—To Apply Only to Beaufort County.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Article X of the State Constitution, to be known as Section 13-A of said article, be agreed by two-thirds of the members elected to each House and entered on the journals respectively, with yeas and nays taken thereon, and be submitted to the qualified electors at the next general election thereafter for Representatives, to wit: Add the following section to Article X of the Constitution, to be known as Section 13-A: Section 13-A. The General Assembly may authorize the corpor- ate authorities of the several counties of the State to levy am assess- ment upon abutting property and property adjacent within ten miles in proportion to the benefits derived therefrom for the pur- pose of paying for permanent improvement of bridges, public roads, 

and highways thereof: Provided, That said improvements shall be ordered only upon the written consent of one-half of the owners of the property abutting upon any such bridge, public road, or high- way proposed to be improved, and upon condition that said assess- ment of abutting property owners shall not exceed one-half of the cost of such improvements. § 2. That the electors voting at such election shall deposit a ballot in form as follows: “For Constitutional amendment to Article X of the Constitution by adding thereto a section to be known as Section I3-A, empowering county authorities to assess abutting property—Yes or No.” Those voting in favor shall deposit a ballot with the word “No” erased thereon; and those opposed thereto shall deposit a ballot with the word “Yes” erased thereon. The managers of said election shall certify the results as now provided by law, and provide separate boxes for said ballots: Provided, The provision of the said section shall apply only to Beaufort county. Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. nner No. 928. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Paragraph 5, Article X of the Constitution Relating to Bonded Indebtedness of Counties, Townships, School Districts, Etc., by Add- ing a Proviso as to the County of Sumter. Section 1. Amendment to Article X, Section 5, Constitu- tion, Proposed as to Sumter County.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the limita- tions imposed by paragraph five, Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina shall not apply to the bonded indebted- ness of the county of Sumter. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the quali- fied electors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to paragraph 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to bonded indebtedness of counties, town- ships. school districts, etc, by adding a proviso exempting the county of Sumter from the limitations thereof—Yes.” Those 

opposed to the said amendment will deposit a ballot with the follow- ing words plainly written or printed thereon : “Constitutional amend ment to paragraph 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to bonded indebtedness of counties, townships, school districts, etc., by adding a proviso exempting the county of Sumter from the limitations thereof—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 929. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution Relating to the Limit of the Bonded Debt of School ‘Districts by Adding a Proviso Thereta as to the Charleston School District Comprised Within the Present Limits of the City of Charleston. Section 1. Amendment to Article X, Section 5, Consti tution, Proposed as to Charleston School District.—Be i resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment of Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to: Add at the end thereof the following words: Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section shall not apply to the Charleston School District, comprised within the present limits of the city of Charleston, such school district being hereby expressly authorized to vote bonds to an amount not exceeding one million ($1,000,000) dollars, the proceeds of such bonds to be applied solely to the erection and maintenance of school buildings in said district, under such restrictions and limitations as the General Assembly may prescribe, and where the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of said school district, as provided in the Constitution, upon the question of bonded indebtedness. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the elec- tors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Consti- tution relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of school districts as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit 

of the bonded debt of school districts by adding a proviso thereto as to the Charleston School District comprised within the present limits of the city of Charleston’—Yes Those opposed to said amendment shall case a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon “Constitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of school districts as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of the bonded debt of school dis- tricts by adding a proviso thereto as to the Charleston School Dis- trict comprised within the present limits of the city of Charleston’— N Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920 No. 930 A JOINT RESOLUTION Proposing an Amendment to Article X of the Constitution, to Be Known as Section 20, by Allowing the County of Florence to Assess Abut- ting Property and Property Adjacent, Within a Radius of One and One-Half Miles, for Permanent Road and Highway Improvement. Section 1. Amendment to Article X, Constitution, Pro- posed, Empowering Florence County to Assess Adjacent Property for Highway Improvement.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That an amend- ment to Article X of the Constitution, to be known as Section 20, be agreed to by two-thirds of the members elected to each House and entered upon the journals, respectively, with ayes and nays aken-‘thereon, and be submitted to the qualified electors of the State at the next general election thereafter for ratification, to wit: Add the following section to Article X of the Constitution, to be known as Section 20: “The General Assembly may authorize the corporate authorities of the county of Florence to levy an assessment upon property within a radius of one and one-half miles of any public road or highway to be improved, for the purpose of paying for permanent improvements on the roads and highways Provided That not more than one-third of the cost of any such improvement shall be so assessed, and that of the amount so assessed two-thirds shall be assessed upon property within a radius of three-quarters 

of a mile from the road or highway improved and one-third upon other property: And provided, further, That such special assess- ments shall be levied or apportioned in accordance with the assessed valuation of the property to be assessed. § 2. That those electors at said election voting in favor of said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Article X of the Con- stitution by adding thereto Section 20, empowering the corporate authorities of Florence county to assess property within a radius of one and one-half miles for permanent road or highway improve- ments— Yes.” And those voting against the said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Article X of the Constitution by adding thereto Section 20, empowering the corporate authorities of Florence county to assess property within a radius of one and one-half miles for permanent road or highway improvements—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 931. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution Relating to the Limit of the Bonded Debt of School Districts by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to School District Hunter No. 5, of Laurens County, the State of South Carolina. Section 1. Amendment to Article X, Section 5, Constitu- tion, Proposed as to School District Hunter No. 5, of Laurens County.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to: Add to the end thereof the following words: “Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section shall not apply to School District Hunter No. 5, of Laurens county, the State of South Carolina, said school district being hereby authorized to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed twelve per cent. of the value of all taxable property in the territory embraced in said school district, as valued or assessed for taxation by the State under such restrictions and limitations as the General Assembly may prescribe, and where the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted 

to the qualified electors of said school district as provided in the Constitution upon the question of bonded indebtedness.” § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the elec- tors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitu- tion relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of school districts as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded debt of school districts by adding a proviso thereto as to the School District Hunter No. 5, of Laurens county, the State of South Carolina’—Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of school districts by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded debt of school districts by adding a proviso thereto as to School District Hunter No. 5, of Laurens county, the State of South Carolina’—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 932. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution Relating to the Limit of Bonded Debt of Counties by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to Laurens County. Section 1. Amendment to Article X, Section 5, Constitu- tion, Proposed as to Laurens County.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the follow- ing amendment to Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to: Add to the end thereof the following words: “Provided, ‘further, That the limitations imposed by this section shall not apply to Laurens county, such county being hercby expressly authorized to vote bonds to an amount not exceeding twenty per cent. of the value of all taxable property within the limits of Laurens county as valued for taxation by the 

OF SOUTH CAROLINA. 1731 State; the proceeds of such bonds to be applied to the construction or maintenance of roads, bridges and public buildings within said county: Provided, further, That this limitation shall not be con- strued to affect or limit power of other political divisions or munic- ipal corporations covering or extending over the territory of Laurens county or portions thereof, possessing a power to levy a tax, or contract a debt as now provided by law, or as may here- after be provided by law. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the electors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Con- stitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of counties as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of the bonded debt of counties by adding a proviso thereto as to Laurens county’— Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Con- stitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of counties as pro- posed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of the bonded debt of counties by adding a proviso thereto as to Laurens county’—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 933. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution Relating to the Limit of the Bonded Debt of School Districts, by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the School District of the Town of Laurens, Com- prised Within the Present Limits of the City of Laurens. Section 1. Amendment to Article X, Section 5, Constitu- tion, Proposed as to School District of Town of Laurens.— Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be a reed to: 

Add to the end thereof the following words:. “Provided, further, That the limitations imposed by this section shall not apply to the school district of the town of Laurens, comprised within the present limits of the city of Laurens, said school district being hereby expressly authorized to vote bonds to an amount not exceeding twelve per cent. of the value of all taxable property in such territory as valued for taxation by the State under such restriction limitations as the General Assembly may prescribe, and where the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of said school district, as provided in the Constitution upon the question of bonded indebtedness.” § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the electors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Con- stitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of school districts as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of the bonded debt of school districts, by adding a proviso thereto as to the school district of the town of Laurens comprised within the Those opposed to present limits of the city of Laurens’—Yes.” said amendment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of school districts as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Consitution relating to the limit of the bonded debt of school districts, by adding a proviso thereto as to the school district of the town of Laurens comprised within the present limits of the city of Laurens’—No.” Approved the 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. 

No. 934. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution Relating to the Limit of the Bonded Debt of School Districts, by Adding a Proviso Thereto as to the Lancaster School District, in Lancaster County. Section 1. Amendment Proposed to Article X, Section 5, Constitution, as to Lancaster School District.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the following amendment of Section 5 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina be agreed to: Add at the end thereof the following words: “Provided, further, That the. limitations imposed by this section shall not apply to Lancaster School District within the county of Lancaster and embracing the town of Lan- caster, such school district being hereby expressly authorized to vote bonds to an amount not exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand ($150,000.00) dollars, in excess of the bonds already issued and authorized, the proceeds of such bonds to be applied solely to the purchase of additional real estate for school purposes, the erection, maintenance, improvement and equipment of school buildings in said school district, under such restrictions and limitations as the General Assembly may prescribe, and where the question of incurring such indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of said school district, as provided in the Constitution, upon the question of bonded indebtedness.” § 2. That the question of adopting the amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the electors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Con- stitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of school districts as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of the bonded debt of school districts, by adding a proviso thereto as to the Lancaster School District, in Lancaster county’—Yes.” Those opposed to said amendment shall cast a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amend- ment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of bonded indebtedness of school districts as proposed by Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, 

Article X of the Constitution relating to the limit of the bonded debt of school districts, by adding a proviso thereto as to the Lan- caster School District, in Lancaster county’—No.” Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 935. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution by Adding a Proviso Thereto Relating to the Bonded Indebtedness of the Counties of Allen- dale and McCormick, and Fixing It Not to Exceed Fifteen (15) Per Centum. Section 1. Amendment Proposed to Article X, Section 5, Constitution, as to Bonded Debt of Allendale and McCor- mick Counties.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That the limitations imposed by Section 5, Article X of the Constitution of the State of South Carolina shall not apply to the bonded indebtedness of the counties of Allendale and McCormick, when the proceeds of such bonds are applied exclusively for the building of a Courthouse or jail, or for building, improving, or repairing public highways and bridges, nor shall the limitations of this Constitution, as contained in said Section 5, Article X, apply to any township, school district, municipal corpora- tion or other political subdivision of either of the said counties, when the proceeds of such bonds are used for the purposes here- inabove named: Provided, The question of incurring such bonded indebtedness is submitted to the qualified electors of the said coun- ties, respectively, and a majority of those voting in such election or elections shall vote in favor thereof; but neither of the said counties of Allendale or McCormick, nor any township, school district, municipal corporation or other political subdivision of either of said counties, shall be authorized to incur a bonded indebtedness exceeding fifteen (15%) per centum of the assessed value of all the taxable property therein. § 2. That the question of adopting this amendment shall be sub- mitted at the next general election for Representatives to the electors as follows: Those in favor of the amendment will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Con- stitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution 

relating to the bonded indebtedness of Allendale and McCormick counties, as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolu- tion to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution by adding a proviso thereto relating to the bonded indebtedness of the counties of Allendale and McCormick, and fixing it not to exceed fifteen Those opposed to the said amendment (15%) per centum’—Yes.” will deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Constitutional amendment to Section 5, Article X of the Constitution relating to the bonded indebtedness of Allen- dale and McCormick counties, as proposed by a Joint Resolution entitled ‘A Joint Resolution to amend Section 5, Article X of the Constitution by adding a proviso thereto relating to the bonded indebtedness of the counties of Allendale and McCormick, and fixing it not to exceed fifteen (15%) per centum’—No.” Approved the 11th day of March, A. D. 1920. rnc ne ee No. 936. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 10, Article X of the Constitution Relating to the Fiscal Year by Chang- ing Same from the Ist Day of January to the Ist Day of July. Section 1. Amendment Proposed to Article X, Section 10, Constitution, Changing Time of Fiscal Year.—Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That Section 10, Article X of the Constitution of this State be amended by striking out the word “January” and inserting in lieu thereof the word “July,” so that said section, when so amended, shall read as follows: Section 10. The fiscal year shall commence on the first day of July in each year. § 2. That the electors of the State at the next general election for Representatives who favor the adoption of said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Section 10, Article X of the Constitution relating Those to change of fiscal year from January Ist to July 1st—Yes.” opposed to the adoption of said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the following words plainly written or printed thereon: “Amendment to Section 10, Article X of the Constitution relating to change of fiscal year from January Ist to July 1st—No.” 

§ 3. The managers of election shall canvass said vote and certify the result as now provided by law, and a separate box for said ballots shall be provided. § 4. That this Joint Resolution shall take effect immediately upon its approval by the Governor. Approved the 26th day of February, A. D. 1920. —. No. 937. A JOINT RESOLUTION to Amend Section 5, Article XI of the Constitution Relating to School Districts by Adding a Special Proviso as to Saluda County. Section 1. Amendment Proposed to Article XI, Section 5, Constitution, as to Area of School Districts in Saluda County. —Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina: That Section 5, Article XI of the Constitution of the State be amended by adding at the end thereof the following: “Pro- vided, That the limitations as to area of school districts imposed by this section shall not apply to Saluda county, but in said county school districts shall be of such area as the General Assembly may prescribe,” so that when amended said section shall read as follows: Section 5. The General Assembly shall provide for a liberal system of free public schools for all children between the ages of six and twenty-one years, and for the division of the counties into suitable school districts as compact in form as practicable having regard to natural boundaries, and not to exceed forty-nine, nor be less than nine square miles in area: Provided, That in cities of ten thousand inhabitants and over this limitation of area shall not apply: Provided, further, That when any school district laid out under this section shall embrace cities or towns already embraced into special school districts in which graded school buildings have been erected by the issue of bonds or by special taxation or by donation, all the territory included in said school districts shall bear its just proportion of any tax that may be levied to liquidate such bonds or support the public schools therein: Provided, further, That noth- ing in this article contained shall be construed as a repeal of the laws under which the several graded school districts of this State are organized. The present division of the counties into school districts, and the provisions of law now governing the same, shall 