

remain until changed by the General Assembly: Provided, That the limitation as to area of school districts imposed by this section shall not apply to Saluda county, but in said county school districts shall be of such area as the General Assembly may prescribe. § 2. That the electors of the State at the next general elec- tion for Representatives shall deposit a ballot in form as follows: “Amendment to Section 5, Article XI of the Constitution relating to school districts of Saluda county—Yes or No.” Those favoring said amendment shall deposit a ballot with the word “No” erased; those opposed a ballot with “Yes” erased. § 3. The managers of election shall canvass said vote and certify the result as now provided by law, and a separate box for said ballots shall be provided. ppiovel te 12th day of March, A. D. 1920. No. 938. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION. “Whereas, The Sixty-sixth Congress of the United States of America, in both Houses by a constitutional majority of two-thirds thereof, has made the following proposition to amend the Constitu- tion of the United States in the words, to wit: ‘A Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution extending the rights of suffrage to women: Resolved by the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled, two-thirds of each House concurring therein, That the following article is proposed as an amendment to the Constitution, which shall be valid to all intents and purposes as part of the Constitution when ratified by the Legis- latures of three-fourths of the several States. The right of citi- zens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any State on account of sex. “Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.’ Therefore, Be it resolved by the House of Representatives, the Senate concurring: Section 1. That the said proposed amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America be, and the same is hereby, rejected by the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina. 